Edits Governance - MERGE ON THE 15th OF JUNE (#4823)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-governance.md

the public (token holders) or the [Council](#council), it finally will have to go through a vote on
a referendum to let all holders, weighted by stake, make the decision.

> ## Summary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Governance Summary
```

The figure below shows an overview of Governance V1 with main players and different paths from

> submitting proposal to voting on referenda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The figure below shows an overview of Governance V1 with the key actors and different paths for
submitting a proposal that can potentially be voted on as a referendum.
```

![gov1-overview](../assets/gov1-overview.png)

> The public (i.e. token holders) can submit a proposal that will end in the proposal queue. Here,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The public (i.e. token holders) can submit a proposal that will end in the proposal queue. Here,
```
```suggestion
The public (i.e. token holders) can submit a proposal that gets added to the proposal queue. Here,
```

proposals are [endorsed](#endorsing-proposals), and the ones that get the most support will climb in

> the queue. The proposal at the top of the queue will become a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proposals are [endorsed](#endorsing-proposals), and the one that gets the most support will climb to the top of
the queue. When it is time, the proposal at the top of the queue will become a
```

[Public Referendum](#public-referenda). See in the figure the vertical green path ending with the
proposals inside a cylinder (i.e. the proposal queue). The proposal with 11 endorsements is at the

> top of the queue, ready to enter a referendum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Public Referendum](#public-referenda). For instance, the proposal with 11 endorsements is shown at the
top of the queue in the figure, which is ready to become a referendum.
```

The public can also submit a [treasury proposal](./learn-treasury.md#creating-a-treasury-proposal),
which must be evaluated by the [Council](#council) through a motion. If the Council motion passes,
the treasury proposal can be directly executed or go to the external queue, which will be voted on
through a [Council Referendum](#council-referenda). See the figure's green horizontal path from the
Public (green) to the Council (yellow). Treasury proposals and Council proposals can be directly
executed (horizontal yellow arrows) or go to the external queue, where they will become a referendum

> (vertical yellow arrows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Note that the external queue always consists of
[a single proposal](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/blob/f4a2e84ee5974b219f2a03cd195105060c41e3cd/frame/democracy/src/lib.rs#LL29C8-L31C4).
A proposal in the external queue can be fast-tracked by the
[Technical Committee](#technical-committee) (light blue). The fast track can contain as many
proposals as possible (also called emergency proposals) that can be voted on simultaneously with

> Council or Public Proposals. See in the figure the yellow circle (i.e. Council Proposal) exiting the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with the referenda introduced either by the Council or the Public. See in the figure the yellow circle (i.e. Council Proposal) exiting the
```

I did not quite understand this - maybe you meant what I suggested?  Disregard if this changes the meaning.

Author: fast-tracked proposals can be voted on simultaneously with either Council or Public proposals because the alternating timeline did not allow you to vote on Public and Council simultaneously. Does this help?

external queue, and the yellow circle with a light-blue border also leaving the queue and being
fast-tracked by the Technical Committee (TC). Once empty, the external queue can be filled with
another Council proposal.

> The Council can also submit proposals that will end in the external queue. Voting on Council and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Council can also submit proposals that will end up in the external queue. Voting on Council and
```

> Public proposals are not simultaneous and are subjected to an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public proposals subject to an
```

[alternating timetable](#alternating-voting-timetable). See in the figure the "on" and "off" toggles

> on the external and proposal queue. In this example, the Public proposal will be voted on together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[alternating timetable](#alternating-voting-timetable), shown in the figure as the "on" and "off" toggles
on the external and proposal queues. In this example, the Public proposal will be voted on together
```

with the fast-tracked Council Proposal. Voting on non-fast-tracked Council Proposals will be blocked

> until the alternating timetable switches the toggles, blocking votes on Public proposals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
until the alternating timetable switches the toggles, which stops Public proposals from becoming a referenda.
```

Referenda will follow an [adaptive quorum bias](#adaptive-quorum-biasing) mechanism and (if passed)

> an [enactment period](#enactment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Referenda will follow an [adaptive quorum biasing](#adaptive-quorum-biasing) mechanism for deciding whether they get enacted, and if they do, they will be executed after
an [enactment period](#enactment).
```

> Token holders can delegate their votes to another account that can belong to a trusted entity voting
> on their behalf. In this way, token holders can still make their vote count without staying
> up-to-date with governance matters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Token holders can delegate their votes (with a conviction multiplier) to another account belonging to a trusted entity voting on their behalf.
```
